In this lecture we will learn about the concept of debugging while programming there are going to be
times when your code doesn't work the way that you want it to.
Perhaps things on your web page simply won't display properly or maybe things aren't working the way
that you intended.
The process of finding and fixing errors in your code is called debugging.
Debugging is one of the most important skills that a developer can have.
There are several strategies that you can use to debug your code.
Chrome has a built in set of dev tools that you can use to inspect and debug code on your web page.
These tools allow us to inspect our HDMI elements and diagnose what is wrong with our code.
When you first start out programming debugging may seem like a daunting process.
However as you build more experience you will quickly realize how valuable debugging is and how becoming
skilled at debugging can save you development time.
There are two main types of errors in HVM all syntax errors and logic errors a syntax error means that
you typed something wrong as a result.
The code may not work properly or may not work at all.
In order for the browser to understand how to properly render a web page it is important that the syntax
of each team be correct with proper closing tags where they belong.
Proper attributes etc..
Failing to adhere to all of the syntactical rules of HVM could lead to your web page working improperly
and providing a bad user experience a logic ever means that the code runs fine and no error is thrown
but that the code doesn't work the way that you intended.
All of the code you wrote is syntactically valid.
The issue is that you thought the logic you wrote worked one way but the web page is behaving in a way
different that you didn't anticipate.
Logic errors can be difficult to debug since there is no actual ever shown in the code so they can be
hard to track down in the next lecture.
We will look at common errors and how to fix them.